Add hyperlinks to bitmap and bloom filter files (#318)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: commands/bitfield_ro.md

Read-only variant of the [BITFIELD](bitfield.md) command.

> It is like the original `BITFIELD` but only accepts `GET` subcommand and can safely be used in read-only replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is similar to the original `BITFIELD` but only accepts `GET` subcommand and can safely be used in read-only replicas.
```

Since the original `BITFIELD` has `SET` and `INCRBY` options it is technically flagged as a writing command in the Valkey command table.

> For this reason read-only replicas in a Valkey Cluster will redirect it to the master instance even if the connection is in read-only mode (see the [READONLY](readonly.md) command of Valkey Cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, read-only replicas in a Valkey Cluster will redirect it to the master instance even if the connection is in read-only mode (see the [READONLY](readonly.md) command of Valkey Cluster).
```
